And first of all, I want to state this.
Do not state that two major requests you were photographed.
That is not a public safety division, Mary, at this time.
I want you to state all other circumstances under which you were photographed,
and with whom you were photographed.
You make me remember these.
I was asked to come over and spend in a certain spot
next to Susan individual, sir.
You asked to.
I was asked to go here, yes sir.
I was not asked to go back.
But as we saw the National Park, what did you do?
I obeyed, sir.
I was told by you photograph.
I was photographed with the Secretary of the Army, sir.
Mr. Susan.
Yes, sir.
Sarah.
And Colonel Bradley was standing in the picture to sir.
Who's the photo-graph?
Air Force photographer, sir.
Do you know the name of the photographer?
I do not know.
I did not know that.
I have been responsible for that.
What has been the thing that you do with respect to the photograph?
Are the dignity.
Well, after the photograph was taken, sir, as soon as I was able to,
I went over to the Air Force photographer.
I believe there were at least two.
And I quietly asked them if they would be good enough to not
to publish the photograph anywhere that I had proposed for,
a final request.
So, of course, I would like to have a copy of it.
But I would appreciate it very much if they would not send it to any publications.
What if it was not sent to any publications as far as you know?
As far as I know, it wasn't sent.
I was given that it had been just for the draft.
Yes, sir. I believe it arrived at my office in New York through the mail.
I think there's no proof of that.
I understand it came from the Air Force photographer, sir.
The one who took the picture.
Either from him or his office.
I do, sir.
I'll ask you, Father and not,
the photograph I have now handed you for inspection.
Either the one who sent to you by the photographer.
Yes, sir.
Look at this.
What did you do with that photograph, Miss Cheyne?
I asked the office to have it framed and put it on the wall of my office.
I hadn't even known a frame.
And as you did, you donated and stayed for the amount that you used to be framed in which the photograph you have before you bought a frame that hung in your office.
It looks like a frame, sir.
When were the photographs taken from your office?
It was Thursday morning, sir, or possibly before that.
I've liked it, please.
Yes, sir.
For you who have been in the photography, ask you and not do it, you always do.
We had a agreement workshop.
The photography was, I think, effective from the sitting and kneeling position.
Not to be subject to individuals, it committed so much for the insurance to the television people.
So there were things that were very many complaints from photography.
It's Bob, the son of the photograph, you're friends.
And the old photography brand sure you don't want to go anywhere to get this thing.
You want this up because you can't make a shine, and stay further about on Monday, live, please.
You were in the office, being office number 101, as I recall, in this building.
With Mr. Cole, perhaps Mr. Car and perhaps others, at which time are present?
And you are present, and at which time I was questioning Mr. Cole and others present,
with reference to the facts of their case, preparatory to presenting their case to the committee,
where you are on such an occasion.
I'll open.
Do not say what was said, please, but say whether or not on that occasion.
I was told by both Mr. Cole and perhaps others and you, who requested the taking of that photograph?
I could make that yesterday, or was I told that?
Yes, sir.
Do you recall that in consequence of that information, which was departed to me at the time?
I made it clear, it's the further enough, the photograph was in existence.
Yes, sir.
And the poem that it was in your possession and hanging in your office in New York City?
And did I request the photograph to be furnished to be presented as evidence in the history of photography?
Yes, as evidence in this case.
You did, sir.
In consequence of that, part that you did was just all of the steps you took in complying with my request and getting that photograph to be.
I got on a plastic concert.
I went to the airport, got on the first plane I could, and went to New York to get the signature request, sir.
And did you bring it back to Washington?
Yes, sir.
Do you believe it?
I delivered it to Mr. George and Masters, a member of the staff.
Here's the photograph that you delivered to the gentleman and his name you have called the identical photograph now for years.
Well, why?
I took it from my office in New York, sir.
It was wrapped in brown paper.
And I did not open it between the time I left New York and the time I handed it to Mr. and Masters, sir.
But even the photograph you have before you now have a one-year foot in the plane, can you all see it?
Yes, sir.
And is that the one that you delivered to the gentleman and his name you have called it?
As you've seen the photograph, since then, until the day...
No, sir.
As you see it, a photograph is here.
The shine on our face to you, a photograph, for pulling to be a photograph of you and the secretary of the Army only.
And in title is the head of my choir, ASB4th, Diction of November 17th, 1953.
And I will ask you, whether or not you have ever seen that particular photograph until now.
Yes, sir.
I've seen this published in newspapers, I believe, sir.
Since the original was delivered to the Alphanjari Washington.
I have never seen this print, sir.
I have seen copies of this in the newspaper.
Well, I have.
Those were newspaper pictures of that photograph which have occurred in the last few days.
Right, sir.
Never seen it.
But you've never seen it in the original I now hand you in the one that I offered as evidence in this case a few days ago.
Is that right, Mr. Shane?
Right, sir.
Do you have any knowledge of any of the circumstances, like that?
A little bit of the original photograph.
Who is the man of the era of his life as shown in that photograph?
That's the little brother, sir.
Do you have any knowledge of the circumstances under which?
I think the gun has been something about these special divisions in good and not.
We have tried to distinguish the cast of the cast who must be hearing it to be interrupted by this ugly behavior on the part of the photograph.
Now, there will be no more finding on the chair, no more running around in front of the woman's distance.
We have asked you this courtyard decision camp, as you're assuring it, if you would live after the rules of the committee.
You can go over and ask the amendment of the president of this room, so we have work.
If the government is properly with us very well, this one is right for the agency to die.
Now, on, as if it's not a good thing, government is right.
The signs that you have been in knowledge of the circumstances under which the picture of Colonel Bradley was omitted or deleted are taken from the original photograph.
Only through reading the testimony, sir.
You were not there when such a thing was done if it was that.
No, sir.
You have read the testimony you say.
I agree with all of us.
I don't read.
That's the only basis of your knowledge.
You did not do it yourself, because that we have what we understand, Mrs. Shai.
You saw no one else did it.
No further questions.
The chair has no question yet this time.
All that one question, Mr. Shai.
So, that picture that has been made an exhibit in this testimony is a large one now before you.
From your lecture, from your knowledge, can you say in such picture was ever taken of you and secondary demons except in the group picture which you have identified?
I don't know if there are many pictures of the Air Force that I have read.
This picture is the one that I received.
That is a picture you received, but I'm asking the question if at any time, if you're an artist, if the Air Force or anyone else ever take a picture of you and secondary demons alone, I really wouldn't know this.
So, I'm here.
Just one question.
Who was the photo-match delivered?
The one that you brought down from New York?
I delivered it to Mr. Ambassador.
How could you spell it, please?
A-M-A-S-N-O-S.
A-M-A-S-T-O-H.
Yes sir.
You said he was a member of this band.
And he asked, prior to the time you went to New York on one day to get the picture?
I went on Wednesday, sir.
Wednesday, how long ago?
Last Wednesday.
A week ago yesterday.
So they met for the hearings to be carried.
And that was as a result of the conference that Mr. Jenkins has inspired a bot in Europe in the office in Room 101 of the Senate Office.
That was meant to request Mr. Jenkins, sir.
And who went with you on the trip?
Nobody there.
You went along?
Yes sir.
And your picture was on the wall in your office in New York?
No sir, it was read about for any of you to bring back to Washington.
How did it happen to be wrapped up to bring back?
I had called the office and asked them to have a read.
And it's been on the wall?
It has been on my wallet.
When did you take it off the wall?
I really don't know what the best took it off the wall.
Your office staff, but they took it off as a result of your telephone call.
I really don't know what they took it off.
Well, I mean, this picture been on your office wall when you were last in your office.
How long ago was that?
It was not in my wallet when I was last in New York.
One with that.
That was a week ago yesterday.
No, sir, this was last week.
I wanted to ask you the picture to be taken off your office wall.
Is that a week ago yesterday?
When did I ask it?
It would be taken off the wall.
I don't want to spend time on a point of order, but what's the devil's difference?
When the picture was taken off the wall?
That's why we're here today.
I'm coming in line with you to make that statement.
A lot of people are lying in these very little outlining lines.
It's entirely relevant to view of the testimony previously given by Mr. Call.
Turn over to me.
When did you ask it to be taken down from your office wall?
I'd always thought that.
Well, we have any idea.
What's the connection with the procurement of the picture for introduction and evidence?
You mean, sir, did I ask it to be taken off the wall immediately following Mr. Jackson's request that I produced the picture?
Yes, the answer is no, sir.
Well, when one was taken down from the office wall, when did you ask to find out?
I have no idea, sir.
I have been facing the camp board and going for three months or more.
And I haven't been in my office during that period.
And I don't know where it was taken off the wall, sir.
But you did request it to be taken off the wall.
I didn't request it to be taken off the wall.
You did?
No, sir.
And when you came back, you delivered the necessary and absolute of the committee and it was wrapped up in brown paper.
Right, sir.
And that's the last you saw.
That's all.
And the product.
I have no question.
And if I'm just one question, John, you say a picture was taken of you and Colonel Bradley and Mr. Steven.
No picture, sir.
Yeah.
Who else was in the picture?
I see only three people.
Well, it's not that we had had to have an accord of a force.
Do you have any remember who that was?
No, I do not.
I remember that they snapped several pictures.
And I believe that this was one of the first ones they snapped after I could have made any of that fail over a single.
So it would have to be this for perhaps a few minutes, but it's not a single picture.
Now you got to be that thick, you know.
That's the afternoon hearing temporarily recessed for 15 seconds, 15 minutes.
That's a short recess.
As recessed 15 minutes for the members of the Senate subcommittee, the Senate subcommittee.
That will also include Senator McCarthy who's here and such other senators may be in the committee room to go from the Senate office building to the Capitol across the Capitol Plaza.
Go into the Senate and take a vote on some some deep witches before the Senate.
I ask that that's one of the representatives here at the press table, one of the people from our Senate Radio Gallery to find out what that vote is for me.
Bob, are you finding out what that vote is?
Fine, thanks.
As you heard, private David Shine was testifying about this very sensational photograph you might say.
At the time, the hearing was temporarily interrupted.
If you heard during the testimony, that council Ray Jenkins submitted several photographs to the wetness, private shine, and unbottle you have seen pictures of these photographs published in various newspapers.
One which originally was introduced in testimony last Monday by the McCarthy side of the controversy.
Picture showing, apparently showing, the Secretary of the Army and private shine standing together at the Maguire Force Base near Fort Dix in New Jersey.
It was a picture of just the two and presumably was presented.
The implication was that it was a picture of the two of the two alone.
The original photograph, however, which the Secretary of the Army produced the next day showed that there was one other person in the picture, Colonel Bradley of the Air Force Base.
And a fourth person, a civilian whose coat sleeve in the part of a hat were showing over at one side of the picture.
And from testimony, we've had apparently there were others around.
As we've heard, Senator McCarty, Secretary Subcommittee Council Ray Conn, some testimony here the other day that Mrs. McCarty also was in that group.
They stepped off the plane and were there for a few minutes and an Air Force photographer, an Air Force photographer was present.
There's five of a shine set a few months ago.
You think there were at least two Air Force, but a military photographer is there who took these pictures.
The first picture, which Mr. Jenkins gave to Private Shine was obviously the original photograph and was so identified by Private Shine and was the one which is on Mr. Shine's office wall in New York City.
It was the photograph, a Secretary Stevens, a private shine, a Colonel Bradley and of this fourth and identified person at the edge of the photograph.
That's the one that was framed and on Private Shine's office wall in New York City.
The one he has just testified that he sent or had brought to Washington to be presented to the Subcommittee.
The second picture, which Mr. Jenkins presented to Private Shine was the so-called cropped picture or what the Army testifies was the Doctor picture.
This is the one which was introduced in evidence.
At this point in the testimony, it's obvious that some place here at this end, the picture was blown up of the two people rather than of the entire group.
Questions along that line are due to follow the next.
Mr. Roy Colm, the Subcommittee Council has also testified that he knew nothing about this so-called doctrine or cropping of the picture and suggested that if it were done, it was done by one of the members of the Subcommittee staff who was just assumed that they wanted the picture of the two alone and nothing else.
The Army case, however, is that it was a deliberately doctor picture.
So we're getting right into the meat of this particular one aspect of the overall controversy.
This one controversy in the overall controversy.
And when the committee returns, they're supposedly in 15 minutes, but it may be a little longer than that.
When the committee returns to take up the test of the cost examination, again this afternoon, I'm not really going to hear more about this from Private Shine.
I find out that the buzzer, and you may have heard that buzzer in the background just a few minutes before Senator Montgomery says, I find out that that buzzer calling for a vote over on the Senate floor was for a vote on the District of Columbia Public Works bill.
And, incidentally, one other item here, Mr. Ray Jenkins, the Subcommittee Council has been talking to correspondence during this recess and made the comment that positively this hearing will last no more than two weeks.
And added to that in positive words, I mean that.
Which means that if the hearing is to end in two weeks, it will have to do a lot of expediting of the various issues that are before it now.
For only one major, only one major witness so far has been called to testify, Secretary of the Army Stevens.
And, as you know, Mr. Stevens is not there, not through of Mr. Stevens as yet. He has simply stepped aside temporarily while Private Shine has testified on this one issue of the photograph.
That doesn't mean when they finish with a testimony where they cost examining a Mr. Shine, that they'll be through with him.
He'll probably step down. Mr. Stevens will come back to the stand or some other person perhaps will be called to the stand on some other aspect of this photograph controversy.
Mr. Stevens will be back later and then undoubtedly sometime later in the hearings, Mr. Shine. Private Shine will be called back.
But now he is testifying only on this one particular point and there are many, many other points on which the members of the Subcommittee and Mr. Jenkins was questioning him.
Now, while this investigation is temporarily in recess here in the caucus room in the Senate office building, this investigation into the hearings of the great McCarthy Army controversy, we will take you back to our studios for a few minutes.
Until then, we return you now to our studios.
Thank you.